well we begin in Gaza where Israel
continues to attack targets across the
strip at least eight Palestinians have
been killed after a police car was
struck in central Gaza City women and
children are among the wounded there and
overnight four Palestinians including a
child were killed in Israeli shelling
west of gaza's southern city of Rafa in
the talal sultan neighborhood there were
emotional scenes as family members of
the victims gathered to prepare for the
funerals of those killed in that strike
well for the latest let's speak to T
abom he's on the ground for us in Rafa
and Southern Gaza T talk us through
these latest strikes it feels like
there's been an intensification of
swords yes that's right certainly the
Isel military has been intensifying its
military bombardment and Earth strikes
across many areas in their territories
as they are right now operating in the
middle areas in the north portion of
aarat refugee camp we are talking about
that for residential Towers being
completely destroyed they are called
aalii Towers in the northern part of
this Camp Israel right now was depending
on destroying the entire area there as a
part of the expansion of the corridor
that has been recently established
sleting between the North and the
southern part of the territory now
clearly they have been calling and
asking residents to flee from the entire
area using military qu coped drones with
loud speakers in them informing them to
not stay inside these areas which had
been Target for the Israeli military but
relatively the bombardment continued
elsewhere in the Gaza Strip specifically
in the Norther part in banon town where
the Israeli military had forced a number
of families to flee from the evacuation
centers in B Hanan after being
investigated and launching a wide
military arrest campaign against the
Palestinian uh men and adults in that
part of the Gaza St TK I can hear those
Israeli drones they're flying above you
tell us a little bit more more about
what's been going on in terms of these
attacks I understand there was a strike
on a mosque in jabalia
[Music]
too well jabalia in fact has been a CER
for the Israeli military attacks they
have been attacking residential houses
evacuation centers and recently there
have been up rise upscaling attacks
against mosque in that area where people
used to take shelter but anymore they
are not completely safe as this report
shows desperate calls for help Rescuers
hoping for a
reply the search for any survivors of
yet another Israeli strike on
jabalia finally a sign of
Life a young girl is found injured but
alive she was one of many children in a
home in the AL area when it was
destroyed by an Israeli strike on a
neighboring
mosque they have targeted the mosque
there are other people in the house this
is my
daughter like countless other children
in Gaza this wasn't the first time this
young girl had been injured in an
Israeli
strike thousands of displaced
Palestinians have been Sheltering in and
around mosques since the war be in the
STP but Israel has continually targeted
them destroying hundreds across the Gaza
STP in the last 6 months ofing killing
those who had HED to find safety TK
kazum Al jazer rafah Southern
Gaza make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer